Podman Image SCP rootful to rootless transfer (#11958)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-image-scp.1.md

Print usage statement

#### **--rootless**

> Rootless determines whether we are loading locally from root storage to rootless storage. This flag must be used in conjunction with --user.

Reviewer: loading what?  This doesn't really tell the user what this accomplishes.  How's about:

```suggestion
The rootless option allows a user to transfer images from the root storage to the user's 'rootles' storage.  This option must be used in conjunction with the --user option.
```

Loaded image(s): docker.io/library/alpine:latest
```

```

> $ sudo podman image scp --rootless --user=charliedoern alpine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ sudo podman image scp --rootless --user=myusername alpine
```
